.
- And many fans
are still reeling from that
historically terrible season.
It's just a dismal time
to be a fan
of the Chicago White Sox,
but the good news is
there's no place to go but up.
Assuming that ownership
can acknowledge the severity
of the problem,
because this offseason,
they need to be making
drastic changes.
And, yes, a rebuilding year
will be painful
for the organization,
no doubt, but worth it.
- [grunting]
[equipment clattering]
[panting]
[breathes deeply]
[water dripping]
No.
Damn it.
[grunts]
[car horn honks]
[sighs]
Oh, hey.
- Hey, I was just calling you.
- Yeah, I know I'm late.
Where are you going?
- Well, Defense asked
for a continuance.
We're not up.
- Oh.
- You all right?
- There's a leak
in my basement.
- Oh, OK.
Well, we're gonna
be pushed months,
but we should review once
while it's still fresh.
Can you do breakfast?
- Yeah, sure.
I'll drive.
[indistinct radio chatter]
- So a leaky pipe?
That's all?
By the way, if you need
approval for a warrant
anytime soon,
you're gonna have
to bug someone else.
- Hmm?
- I got pulled into a federal
RICO case out of Denver.
Starts next week.
- That cartel thing?
- Kid got pulled over
with expired registration.
Got caught with six keys
of dope in his car.
He's only 18,
but he looks affiliated.
It's gonna be a long one.
- 5021, squad,
repeat that description.
- Female, white,
balaclava duct-taped
around her neck,
arms bound.
[engine revs,
tires squealing]
- 5021, hold me down
responding.
- [sighs]
[siren wailing]
[tense music]
* *
- Hey.
Voight, Intelligence.
Where's the victim?
- Inside.
She keeps panicking every time
we try to approach.
- Well...
- She's gonna hurt herself.
I've got an ambo coming.
- Good, good.
* *
- Hey.
She won't let me get closer.
I--I don't know what to do.
- OK.
Through here?
- Yeah, through there.
- Just wait outside.
- All right.
* *
- [sobbing]
- Miss?
I'm police.
- No, no, no, no.
- It's OK.
- No, get away from me.
- OK.
- No.
- I'm not coming any closer.
- No, no.
[sobbing]
- I'm not gonna hurt you.
I'm just here to help.
- [sobbing]
- Now, take it easy.
- Miss, I'm Nina.
I know this police officer.
OK, I trust the police here.
They are not gonna hurt you.
We're just here to help.
Is that OK?
Can we help you?
- [sobbing]
- OK, I'm gonna come closer,
but only if
you're OK with that.
- [sobbing]
- OK. OK.
OK. I got you.
You're safe. OK.
Now, I can take your mask off,
but, um,
gonna have to touch you.
Is that OK?
- [sobs]
- Can you say OK?
Because I won't touch you
unless you say it's OK.
- OK.
- [crying softly]
- All right, I'm gonna
get this mask off now.
I'm just gonna touch your neck
so I can take the tape off.
It's OK.
Just me.
You're safe.
- [gasping]
[coughing]
- OK. OK. OK.
I'm peeling off the tape.
Yeah.
Yeah, OK.
OK.
* *
.
- No, no, no,
please don't touch me.
Please stop, I don't want
to be touched anymore.
- I know, but we
have to examine you.
- Jamie, I'm just gonna
ask you one more question.
Do you know the man
who hurt you?
- No, I said I don't know.
- OK.
- Please tell them
to stop touching me.
- OK, I know.
They know.
- Ah! Ugh!
- Are you hurt there?
Draw 2 milligrams lorazepam.
- Drawing 2 of lorazepam.
- No, no, no! Please! Please!
I just wanna go home.
Please!
[sobbing and groaning]
- Anybody got ears in?
- Why did you respond
to that radio call?
- I worked a version of
this case before, 15 years ago.
You need a lift back to court?
- No, no, I'm gonna stay here
so she won't be alone.
- Copy, Sarge, I'm here.
- Listen, I need everything
you can get me
on a Jamie Mackinson.
Mid-30s, female, white,
brown hair, brown eyes.
I'm en route now.
Trudy.
- Hey, all the '09 case files
are getting pulled now.
Do you think it's the same?
- I don't know yet.
We gotta work it.
- All right.
Hard copies will be here soon.
- Thank you.
[keypad beeping]
[lock clicks]
All right.
What do we got?
- Patrol's doing a grid search,
canvassing the area
you found Jamie.
Nothing yet.
- Victim is
Jamie Danielle Mackinson, 35.
She's an aspiring artist
who works nights
as a cocktail waitress,
lives alone,
rents a house in Ravenswood.
- No 911 calls, no reports
from any neighbors.
No clue as to what
actually happened to her.
- Huh.
- She didn't give you
anything else?
- No, just her name.
She was beaten, likely raped.
All right,
let's find some evidence.
Hit Jamie's house,
pull PODs, cams.
Talk to her friends,
neighbors, associates.
- Hey.
Here.
- Oh, thank you.
- There's more on the way.
- Listen,
the way Jamie was bound,
it's very similar to a spree
of unsolved rapes
I worked 15 years ago.
Never had a suspect.
All right, we're not jumping
to any conclusions.
We just go where
the evidence takes us.
- Copy that.
- All right.
I pulled
all of Jamie's socials.
She's got a string of DMs
from a Mikey Gonzalez.
He's 40 years old.
He's Jamie's ex.
Looks like they broke up
about a week ago.
He doesn't seem
too happy about it.
"You're making a big mistake.
Trust me."
"Stupid bitch, you're gonna get
what's coming."
"Deadass, bad things happen
to people like you."
The last two
were sent yesterday.
- Mikey got a sheet?
[keyboard clacking]
- Yeah.
Prior arrest
for sexual assault.
He works at the same bar
as Jamie.
Just spoke to the manager.
He's there now.
- OK, let's you and me hit it,
Torres.
The rest of you,
work Jamie's house.
Pull her cell records,
start building.
[glass shattering]
- Stop! Get out of my bar!
- Get off my ass!
You don't want this.
- Ow!
- There's Mikey.
- [grunting]
- Wanna try that again?
- Oh!
- Hey! Hey! Hey!
Stop! Police.
Stop! Stop fighting.
Stop.
- Come on.
- Back.
- Get the hell off me.
- Get him out of here!
- [laughs]
Oh, you called the cops
on me, you fat clown?
You kidding me, huh?
- Get him out of here.
- That's not why we're here.
- Yeah?
Why you here?
- We're here because of Jamie.
- What? Jamie?
[laughs]
What are you talking about?
- When's the last time
you saw Jamie?
- [panting]
I--
- When?
- Two nights ago.
She was with her new man,
so I bounced.
- Where?
Where were you?
- Outside her place.
Some guy in a van came through,
so I left.
- Some guy in a van?
That's the best you got?
- Yeah, that's the best
I got, bro.
What do you got?
- [grunts]
OK?
- Oh, yeah.
[handcuffs clicking]
- Shut up.
- [chuckles]
- Stand up.
- Whoa.
Oh.
[grunting]
- Hey, hey.
Stop fighting.
- Hank?
- Stop.
- See you up there.
What's up?
- Jamie Mackinson
just died at Med.
- What?
- Doctors believe
she's been bleeding internally
for the last 24 hours.
She was hemorrhaging blood
from trauma to her spleen,
so she must have been beaten.
Postmortem, doctors
were able to disclose
that she had been raped,
and her body
was drenched with a, um--
- Chemical hair remover?
Bleach agents,
internal and external?
- Yes, exactly.
- It's the same.
It's all the same.
He's back.
- I'm telling you everything.
Why would I hurt her?
She's the love of my life.
- Love of your life
who you called a bitch?
Who you threatened?
- Because she broke
my damn heart.
- What about the other women?
- What other women?
- Cathy Ward, Megan Cobb,
Alexis Fogerty, Suzanne Hall...
- Who the hell are they?
- Claire Ballard,
Sara Marie Larsen.
- I don't know
those other women!
[door slams]
- His alibi checks out.
Mikey's cell records
put him with his cousins
in Kenosha all weekend
on a bender.
- What, for 48?
- Yeah, we've got witnesses
and half a dozen bar cameras.
- And the prior rapes?
- Mikey was living in Tampa
15 years ago,
moved back to Chicago in 2020.
He doesn't look good for this.
- All right.
We get anything
at Jamie's house?
- No.
No signs of a struggle.
Neighbors didn't see anything.
Kim's got forensics doing
a full sweep of her place.
- OK, what about the van
Mikey claims he saw?
- I can't confirm it.
There's no PODs
on Jamie's block.
I can't confirm
the van he saw either.
'Cause, you know,
"Large and wearing a hoodie"
is not a great description.
- The only thing
we can confirm, Sarge,
is that Jamie left work
at 1:00 a.m. two days ago.
She returned home.
Phone was completely shut off.
Nobody's seen her
until you found her.
- OK.
Back in '09, there was
a string of six rapes,
one every two months.
Victims all had brown hair,
were in their 30s.
They were abducted late
at night from their homes,
held for 48 hours,
and when they resurfaced,
they had a balaclava
taped around their neck.
Their arms were bound.
They were doused in bleach,
chemical agents.
- Rendering rape kits
worthless.
- Yeah, I never got
a shred of DNA.
Victims never saw the offender.
He used a voice modulator.
After a year,
the rapes just stopped.
- What was your theory?
- The offender died,
skipped town,
or was jailed
on another offense.
- So he's active again,
or this is a copycat.
- Yeah, but none
of this information
was ever made public.
- 15 years is a long break.
- Look, I'm gonna press Mikey
for a better description
of that man
and the van he saw.
Rest of you, just grab a box.
Let's look into the past
until a lead pops.
.
- Find anything?
- Uh, no, not yet.
- Mm.
You remember
all your old cases?
- The unsolved ones, yeah.
- Well, I was thinking
I'd help you build this one
from the ground up, work here.
- Appreciate that.
- Hey, boss.
- Yeah.
- Found something strange.
- OK.
- About four years ago,
one of the original victims,
Suzanne Hall, she called 911
and told the dispatcher
that he sent another one.
- He sent another one?
- Yeah.
She got flustered, hung up.
They sent a car, but officers
couldn't make contact.
- Hmm.
- Job was coded out 19-Paul.
Could be nothing, but--
- No, that sounds strange.
Yeah, I'll check it out.
Thanks.
Huh.
- You want help?
I helped with Jamie.
It might be worth your while.
- Yeah, sure.
Come on.
[doorbell rings]
[dogs barking]
- Who is it?
- Chicago Police.
It's Sergeant Voight.
[lock clicks]
- Voight.
Please.
- Thanks.
- You look different,
better.
Looks like you found
a way through all that--
I don't know what
we're supposed to call it--
pain?
- Hmm.
- At least better
than me anyhow.
[dog panting]
He's my second.
Still new on the job.
- Well, he seems good at it.
- Mm.
- Suzanne, we're here
to follow up on a call
you placed a few years ago.
Do you remember calling 911?
- Oh, that, yeah.
That was nothing.
Just paranoia,
one of those things.
A mistake is all.
- Well, you said,
"He sent another one."
Hmm?
- Did I?
- Mm-hmm.
- I don't know what that means.
You know, I'm--I'm sorry.
I'm really not interested
in dredging up the past,
if that's why you came.
- Another woman was taken.
She was held, abused,
same as before.
Only this time, she died.
- If you know anything
that could help.
- [whimpers]
No.
- Suzanne, what did you mean
when you said,
"He sent another one"?
[somber music]
- I was the last victim.
He--he--stopped.
I--I didn't think
it would help.
- What would help?
* *
- Stay here.
- [sighs]
* *
I'm sorry.
I--I believed what he wrote,
so--so I never said--
- [sighs]
* *
[exhales]
Yes, photos each year.
So put a trap and trace
on Jamie's phone,
get Tact on her house.
Offender doesn't know
she's dead.
Might send her a photo.
Get a protection detail
at Suzanne Hall's.
- On it, boss.
- What did she mean, your pain?
She said you found a way
through your pain?
- Yeah, I know what she said.
I, uh--this was the first case
I worked after my wife--
my wife, Camille, died,
and I was, uh--
I wasn't OK.
Here.
- You were right.
Offender sent a photo to
Jamie's phone 20 minutes ago.
Came from a prepaid burner,
which we're now tracking,
along with a single word text--
"Sufforing."
- The word was misspelled
like that?
- Yeah.
- We're enhancing
the background now
and running it through
any system we've got.
CPIC's on it too.
- Previous victims?
- Still tracking them down.
I'll confirm
if they got Polaroids sent.
- Hold up.
Wait, I got something.
The burner that sent
Jamie's photo is actually on.
It's moving west
through West Englewood.
- Let's go.
Nina.
- I'll be here.
[suspenseful music]
- All right, Kev,
offender just turned.
He's heading north on Essex.
The 3800 block of Essex.
* *
Just turned off Essex,
now heading west on Caro.
Wait, wait.
I lost him.
- What?
- Burner went dark.
Got last seen on
the 8200 block of Caro.
* *
- All right.
We step light.
* *
Kev, Adam, I got blood
in the alley.
Lock it down now!
Chicago PD!
- I don't work here, man.
- Chicago PD!
- He the only one.
- Hey, I need to see
your security footage
from the side entrance
right now.
- It's right here.
- OK, let's go.
- What's going on?
- Just show me
the last 10 minutes.
Come on.
Come on!
There.
Rewind it.
Keep--right there.
Play it.
[tense music]
* *
.
- Get some tape up.
Don't let anybody
step on my scene. Kev?
- Yeah, the ID was confirmed
in the purse.
The woman in the footage
is Ellie Miller, age 22.
Her phone was in the purse.
I got an investigative alert
going out right now
to track down that van.
- All right,
get a rush on all of it.
Blood, cigarette, keys, purse.
We got stats now on
our offender off that video.
- Alrighty.
I'm on it, Sarge.
- Hey, boss.
- Hey, you get plates?
- Nah, nothing on the front
of the van.
No chance for facial rec,
but there's a handicap pass
on the rearview.
- OK.
- The city only has nine
red Dodge vans
assigned handicap passes.
Six of them are owned
by one company,
Home Wellness Aides.
Company website has pictures
of every one of their employees
in red polos,
just like our offender.
- Beautiful.
I'll hit it now.
Hey, run the scene.
Find me that van.
- Hey, boss.
Only thing is,
the original victims,
they were taken from
their homes late at night.
Organized, meticulous.
This--
- I know it doesn't fit.
It doesn't matter.
A girl was abducted.
Let's find her.
- You got it.
- No, I can't just give
that information out.
Do you have a warrant?
- 37 minutes ago,
a man in a red polo shirt
violently abducted
a woman off the street.
He dragged her
into one of your vans.
Now, he's a white male,
brown hair,
6'5", 280 pounds.
Who could that be?
- Oh, my God.
That's Kyle.
- Kyle who?
- Kyle Hogan.
- Kim, are you there?
- Go for Kim.
- Name is Kyle Hogan.
Can you track your vans?
- Yes.
Yes.
- All right.
I got his address.
It is 3277 Boardman Avenue.
Get a team over there
right now.
Here's his plate--
9, Frank, 14, X-ray, 5.
- Copy, putting it out now.
- Oh, no.
- "Oh, no" what?
- Normally we can track them,
but Kyle's GPS
isn't showing up.
Maybe he turned it off?
He's due at a client's
in five minutes.
- OK, where?
[engine rumbles]
[tense music]
- We got the van, Sarge.
It's empty.
There's fresh blood
on the door.
* *
- All right, Torres,
you cover the back.
Kev, you're with me.
Grab a bar.
OK, we're quiet till we're not.
* *
- In position.
[doorbell rings]
* *
- Hey, good afternoon,
Chicago Police.
- What's going on?
- Oh, we got a call about
a noise complaint in the area.
You hear anything?
- No.
I was running the bath.
- Oh, is this your home?
- No, I'm a health aide.
- Oh, good for you.
How long you been here today?
- Just started, 10 minutes ago.
- Mind if I come in,
take a look around?
- Mm.
This isn't my house.
- I'll just be a minute.
What's your name?
[door slams]
Breaching front!
- [grunts]
[metal clattering]
- Chicago PD!
All right.
Clear left.
I got upstairs.
- Mm-hmm.
- Where's Ellie?
Where's Hogan?
* *
- Hey!
Slow down.
[grunting]
[desk clattering]
[both shouting and grunting]
[glass shatters]
- Kev?
[muffled shouting]
Kev, talk to me!
- [grunting]
[groans]
- Oh, no, no.
No, no, no.
[grunts]
[groans]
Torres!
Breach!
[crashing]
- Atwater!
- [spits]
[wheezes]
Go! Go, go!
- [grunting]
* *
- Hey!
[both grunting]
* *
- Hey, enough!
Stop fighting.
- [laughs]
[spits]
* *
- We recovered Ellie's blood
from Hogan's van,
as well as hair and prints.
- And the client's house?
- No signs of Ellie.
No visible blood.
Forensics is still scrubbing,
but it doesn't seem
like she was ever there.
- So we have
a one-hour timeline
between Ellie's disappearance
and Hogan's arrival
at the client's house.
He must have
dropped her somewhere.
- Right, how old is Hogan?
- 29.
- So he would have been 14
during the '09 rapes?
- That's right.
- Hmm.
Where's Ellie?
Jamie Mackinson.
Her boyfriend saw you
abduct her from her home.
She ended up dying from
the injuries you gave her.
That's murder one.
Life in a box.
Now, where's Ellie?
OK.
That's you abducting Ellie
into your van.
[tapping]
We have it on video.
Hey!
You getting the trend here?
I have you.
Now, where is she?
This is your one shot to make
things better for yourself.
You talk to me, I help you.
Now, where is Ellie?
[sighs]
OK.
[ominous music]
[sighs]
Let me ask you this.
* *
She doesn't match the others.
All the other women,
they're brunette,
in their 30s, taken from
their home late at night.
Ellie's blonde.
She's 22,
taken in broad daylight.
It was bold.
Why?
I mean, why did you change?
Why her?
- She was begging for it.
- Mm.
She caused you anguish?
- What?
Caused me English?
What the hell are you saying?
- I'm saying you changed
your pattern.
It wasn't smart.
I mean, you've always taken
your women at night.
It was planned, intelligent,
and sophisticated, even.
Yet you took Ellie--
it was broad daylight.
I'm asking you why.
Why?
Why did it change?
Hmm?
- Because I can make
decisions too.
* *
- You know,
I never said you couldn't.
* *
Someone else did, though.
He said
you're just muscle, dumb,
like a dog who takes orders.
That's what your partner said.
Nice, huh?
* *
He said you're his dog.
He makes you fetch.
Then he feeds you treats.
[chair thuds]
- Hmm.
[laughs]
You trying to trick me?
It won't work.
I want my lawyer.
* *
I know you're a liar.
He would never say any of that.
* *
- Is that right?
.
- Hey, Hogan admitted
he has a partner.
It could be
the original offender.
It tracks, would explain
the change in MOs.
- Could explain Hogan's age.
- Yes!
All right,
so tell me we got a way to ID
this partner,
a way to find Ellie.
- We tracked Hogan's van
from the laundromat,
but it entered a dead zone.
We lost eyes from PODs
on this area right here.
- OK, so what connects Hogan
to that area?
- It's hard to say.
He doesn't have any family
or friends over there,
according to his phone
or socials.
- What about clients?
- Huh.
Let me see.
So from McKinley Road
to Franklin and Boylston,
he's got one client.
Edgar Penn, 55,
retired mechanical engineer.
His brother is Stuart Penn,
the defense attorney.
- Oh, I know Stuart.
He's a shameless prick.
- He got popped
for solicitation in the '90s.
He got rough,
strangled a prostitute.
She called the police.
Bad victim.
His brother took care
of the whole thing.
According to the health agency,
he was diagnosed
with MS 15 years ago.
- Well, that would explain
why the rapes stopped.
Penn became
physically incapable.
- And Hogan's been
his aide for six months.
- Ah, now it all makes sense.
Penn found someone with
the same appetites as him,
someone physically able
to abduct women.
- Penn's house is
in that dead zone.
Hogan could have easily
dropped Ellie off there
and got into his client's home
by the time we met him.
- [sighs]
This is it.
- And you believe Ellie
is being held
at this Edgar Penn's home?
- Yes.
- We understand
this isn't enough
for an arrest warrant,
Your Honor.
We're hoping
for a search warrant
under exigent circumstances.
- And so you pulled me from
my grandson's school recital?
[applause]
- Yes, Your Honor.
We believe this is
a life-or-death situation.
- Well,
you're entitled to believe
in pink unicorns, Ms. Chapman,
but as an assistant
state's attorney,
it is your duty to meet
the burden of proof.
I can't do anything with this.
- We're asking
for exigent circumstances.
We meet that burden.
- You do not.
- Penn has a documented history
of sexual assault.
15 years ago, he got sick.
That's why he stopped
until he met Hogan.
Penn taught Hogan everything.
But Hogan went off book
and abducted Ellie Miller.
Then he stashed her
at Penn's house,
where she's being held
right now.
- On what evidence?
Can you put the van
at Penn's house today?
Any electronic communication
between them?
A statement from Hogan?
This is Stuart Penn's brother.
He would have me impeached.
- That's your concern here?
- My concern is probable cause.
- So you--you're just going
back to your evening?
- I signed 26 of your warrants
in the past month,
Sergeant Voight.
26, that's an insane number.
Yet I signed them.
- A woman is being raped!
- Do not do that.
I'm doing my job.
- It doesn't
look like it to me.
- You haven't
done your job yet.
Go do it.
[soft dramatic music]
- OK, you don't have
to hold me back.
I'm not a pet.
- Jesus.
You really thought snapping
with him would work?
- You know,
I don't care about him.
I just care about
not failing them again.
- Again?
You didn't fail them
the first time.
Hank, I read the files.
I read the cases.
There wasn't evidence.
Your police work was flawless.
- Oh, really?
Then why isn't Penn
rotting in a jail cell?
Why is there a woman
being held right now,
and I can't get to her?
- Because you can't win
every case.
- I took that case five days
after I buried my wife,
because I needed the work.
I wasn't OK.
So I don't know what I missed,
but I am not missing
anything this time.
* *
- OK, then let's go find more.
- In position.
- All right, cut it.
* *
[indistinct radio chatter]
- He's got every window shade
down in front.
We can't see a thing, Sarge.
- We got nothing in the yard.
- Pulling trash now.
* *
- All back windows are dark.
Shades are drawn here too.
* *
- What was she like?
- What?
- Your wife, Camille.
* *
- Warm.
- It's hard to picture you
like that.
- What?
Domesticated?
- [chuckles]
No, belonging to someone.
* *
- Trash is secure.
Moving out.
- House is clean.
It's all real clean,
too clean.
* *
I mean, literally,
every single piece of trash,
bleached.
Burgess is still
working the boxes,
but every piece that
we recovered is wiped clean.
- There's no DNA,
no prints on nothing.
We can't put Ellie there.
- Well, you know,
that is suspicious behavior.
We can put that
in front of a judge.
- We already tried.
Noes all across the board.
- And the sneak-and-peek
brought up nothing.
- So did the cell tower dump.
- All right,
previous victims, then.
What's the connect
between Jamie and Penn,
Penn and the '09 victims?
- We don't know yet.
- This man seems to be smart.
It appears that every woman
he selected was at random.
- Well, Hogan is not smart.
What do we have on him?
- I've proffered
everything I can.
He's not biting,
won't say a word.
- OK, Suzanne?
- She can't ID Penn.
He kept a mask on her
the whole time,
modulated his voice.
We got nothing
on the Polaroids or notes.
Same with our past victims.
- Handwriting?
- Mm-mm.
Because of the progression
of Penn's MS,
experts couldn't make a match.
- Penn's neighbors?
- We contacted them.
We might get more answers
in the morning,
but so far, we got nothing.
- Come on.
Somebody had to see
or hear something.
- You'd think.
- Listen to me.
There has got to be a connect.
There's gotta be one.
OK?
Penn made a mistake,
believe me.
It's either now
or 15 years ago.
So we go through it all again.
[tense music]
* *
.
- I got it!
I got a search warrant.
Different judge, Judge Reyes.
I found precedents,
emergency aid exceptions.
- What?
- You can move on Penn's house.
We're good.
- Let's go.
[indistinct radio chatter]
- We all good, boss?
- Yeah, let's go.
[dramatic music]
* *
- Chicago PD!
[ominous music]
* *
- [sobbing]
[door thuds]
[screams]
[gunshots]
[screams] No!
Let me out!
- It's all right.
I'm police.
I got you.
I'm gonna cut you free.
You're safe now.
I got you.
- [screaming]
- It's OK.
It's OK.
I'm not coming near you.
He's gone.
It's OK.
Can I help you?
Can I--
- No!
- All right.
OK.
Here, let me--let me help.
- [crying]
- You're gonna be OK.
Gonna be OK.
OK? You're safe.
I'm gonna take this off.
It's OK.
You're safe now.
You're OK.
- [screams]
[crying]
- I know.
He's dead.
You're OK.
It's over.
OK? It's over.
You're here with me.
You're safe now.
- [sobbing]
- I know.
I know.
Everything's gonna be OK.
- [sobbing]
[kettle whistling]
- Dead?
Are you sure?
- Yes.
- The same man, the--
the one who took me, who--
He's dead?
- Yes.
He's dead, Suzanne.
[dog panting]
- I just--
They always talk about trauma
splitting up your life
into a before and an after.
And I--I never had the after.
I've just been in it...
all these years.
He's dead?
- I think it's the after now.
Huh.
[knock at door]
Oh, man.
Hey, come on in.
- Laundry day?
- I'm cleaning up
after that leak.
- Oh.
Well, you invited me here.
I assume it's to argue.
- An imaginary
confidential informant?
- [sighs]
- You add an imaginary CI
to our warrant?
You could have ended
your career,
probably taken mine down
with it.
- No one's ever gonna find it.
And if they do,
I won't ever let it get--
- No, that is not how it works.
You don't lie for me.
You don't protect me.
- Why not?
- Because that's
not how it works!
- How what works?
What do you mean?
You and me?
I'm not in your unit, Hank.
You don't get to dictate
my choices.
I knew Ellie was in that house.
I knew we didn't have it,
so I made a choice.
- So you risked your career?
- Yes.
For that girl?
For you? Yes.
[soft dramatic music]
* *
[laughs]
You can't even hear it,
can you?
- What?
- That I care about you.
* *
I do.
I care about you.
I have feelings for you.
* *
And you don't get to dictate
those feelings.
* *
Look, we don't ever have
to mention it again,
and I don't expect
a damn thing from you,
but let me be clear.
If I want to care about you,
if I want to protect you,
to risk what I want to risk,
to make my own choices,
then I will.
* *
I leave for Denver tomorrow.
I'll see you
in a couple months, Hank.
[door clicks open]
[door clicks shut]
* *
.
[wolf howls]